# DD2480 - Launch Interceptor Program
## A project by [4 KTH students](#developers-and-their-main-contributions) on  a hypothetical anti-ballistic missile system, that contains a function called DECIDE(). The project is written in Java and uses the build automation tool Gradle as well as JUnit as testing framework.

## Git Commit Message Template
## `type(domain): Description #issuenumber`

### Types
- `build`: Changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: broccoli, npm).
- `docs`: Documentation only changes.
- `feat`: A new feature. Can of course also contain tests for the feature.
- `fix`: Bug fixes. Can of course also contain tests for the feature.
- `refactor`: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature.
- `revert`: Reverts a previous commit.
- `style`: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc).
- `test`: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests.

### Example of domains
- `LIC`
- `PUM`
- `FUV`
- `Gradle`

##
## Gradle tutorial
To build and test the Gradle project, you can use the following commands:

- `gradle build`: This command will build the project and create the executable files.
- `gradle test`: This command will run all the tests defined in the project.
- `gradle check`: This command will run the tests as well as check for any code style violations and other potential issues.
- `gradle clean`: This command will delete all the build files generated by previous builds.

##
## Statement of contributions
### Developers and their main contributions
#### Porsev Aslan - Build Automation, CMV, Documentation, Unit Testing
#### Adam Ezzaim - PUM, FUV, Unit Testing
#### Pontus Norman - Cmv, LIC, Unit Testing
#### David Cederström - Cmv, LIC, Unit Testing

##
## Way of working
We have achieved "Foundation Established" status after the first task. We consider "Principles Established" to be fulfilled as we have agreed on the necessary tools and team operating context. However, full "In Use" status has not been achieved as the project repository is still small. The team does support the use of practices and tools, promoting communication and collaboration, but full "In Use" is our goal for the next assignment, with the aim of reaching milestones in "In Place."
